Tw/src/README.md, before:

#Problem Two: Sales Taxes

To execute the program. Run the Class Main in the main package.
It will print out the result in the console.

Note:
I never coded in Java before, and I don't have knowledge of best practices.
I used Eclipse as IDE for the challenge.

##Problem Description.
 
Basic sales tax is applicable at a rate of 10% on all goods, except books, food, and medical products that are exempt. Import duty is an additional sales tax applicable on all imported goods at a rate of 5%, with no exemptions.
 
When I purchase items I receive a receipt which lists the name of all the items and their price (including tax), finishing with the total cost of the items, and the total amounts of sales taxes paid.  The rounding rules for sales tax are that for a tax rate of n%, a shelf price of p contains (np/100 rounded up to the nearest 0.05) amount of sales tax.
 
Write an application that prints out the receipt details for these shopping baskets...
 
Input:
 
Input 1:
1 book at 12.49
1 music CD at 14.99
1 chocolate bar at 0.85
 
Input 2:
1 imported box of chocolates at 10.00
1 imported bottle of perfume at 47.50
 
Input 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume at 27.99
1 bottle of perfume at 18.99
1 packet of headache pills at 9.75
1 box of imported chocolates at 11.25
 
Output:
 
Output 1:
1 book : 12.49
1 music CD: 16.49
1 chocolate bar: 0.85
Sales Taxes: 1.50
Total: 29.83
 
Output 2:
1 imported box of chocolates: 10.50
1 imported bottle of perfume: 54.65
Sales Taxes: 7.65
Total: 65.15
 
Output 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume: 32.19
1 bottle of perfume: 20.89
1 packet of headache pills: 9.75
1 imported box of chocolates: 11.85
Sales Taxes: 6.70
Total: 74.68
==========

Commit message:

some fixes in comments and readme file

Tw/src/README.md, after:

#Problem Two: Sales Taxes

To execute the program. Run the Class Main in the main package.
It will print out the result in the console.
Tw is the working folder.

I didn't write many comments as the logic is very simple. I apologize as I haven't coded in Java before, so I didn't really follow the best practices, but I did my best for the time I had.

Thank you.

##Problem Description.
 
Basic sales tax is applicable at a rate of 10% on all goods, except books, food, and medical products that are exempt. Import duty is an additional sales tax applicable on all imported goods at a rate of 5%, with no exemptions.
 
When I purchase items I receive a receipt which lists the name of all the items and their price (including tax), finishing with the total cost of the items, and the total amounts of sales taxes paid.  The rounding rules for sales tax are that for a tax rate of n%, a shelf price of p contains (np/100 rounded up to the nearest 0.05) amount of sales tax.
 
Write an application that prints out the receipt details for these shopping baskets...
 
Input:
 
Input 1:
1 book at 12.49
1 music CD at 14.99
1 chocolate bar at 0.85
 
Input 2:
1 imported box of chocolates at 10.00
1 imported bottle of perfume at 47.50
 
Input 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume at 27.99
1 bottle of perfume at 18.99
1 packet of headache pills at 9.75
1 box of imported chocolates at 11.25
 
Output:
 
Output 1:
1 book : 12.49
1 music CD: 16.49
1 chocolate bar: 0.85
Sales Taxes: 1.50
Total: 29.83
 
Output 2:
1 imported box of chocolates: 10.50
1 imported bottle of perfume: 54.65
Sales Taxes: 7.65
Total: 65.15
 
Output 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume: 32.19
1 bottle of perfume: 20.89
1 packet of headache pills: 9.75
1 imported box of chocolates: 11.85
Sales Taxes: 6.70
Total: 74.68
==========
